honourable senators , what happened here , last Tuesday ? 
a selection committee was achievement . 
yesterday I attended on the first meeting of the committee . 
and I expected the committee admits that it does not know too what to do with the Senate independent . 
my concern is that not so much for a moment . 
the committee selection can show some impact . 
on the work that undertaking a senator over the next two years . 
it is a committee important , because , in principle , these new Senate actually in its committee sit some senators . 
i am therefore presented to the sitting of the committee to yesterday to realize that one of the new Senate was indeed . 
it was sent a replacement . 
i do not name , honourable senators people . 
you can see so that I am kind ' t it ? 
the Senate will have their own research to find that had been fault . 
when one a accept work , it should do this . 
the women who are sitting in the Senate have proven . 
they remplissaient they have much more that the majority of the men in the Senate . 
i remember as the hold that held the to the committee of veterans in February 1998 . 
Ni the Senate or the House of Commons do here at that time . 
three senators they sat in the proceedings of the committee , all of women . 
the leadership of the Senate could not find a person to the committee . 
i could cite , word about words , the hon. senator Carstairs took answer the question I asked . 
i asked him : " Quels were the criteria are as follows ? " 
she said that it was the first to address the representation of women in a report . 
it was written on that the parliamentary associations in 1993 . 
at that time was delegations Les formées only of men . 
in that I would like to point out that I have been replaced by Senator Finestone for a number of years . 
however , I expect want the opportunity to enter my association preferred . 
honourable senators , I do not know how or when the House will be decision about these two reports . 
the Senate is that each verdict on television . 
or wondered by a group of students , from journalists or other . 
that if we do ? 
it is true , and I will believe . 
however , it should be translated in fact . 
i do not believe in the alternative . 
if a senator accept this position in a committee , he or she should participate in any meetings intended . 
we are not of the House which we say in the corridors : 
" Présentez do you in committee today and after two years of education , there is a question final in committee '' . 
they do not even know what they are viewed , they stand the same when their leaders stand to them . 
no they do not know what happened . 
honourable senators , the words " continuité " and " dedication " is the way in our speech . 
over the next two weeks , starting to reflect on the way we will address the Senate independent . 
if we are the are not , I créerai my own committee of Parliament who are interested in the world affairs . 
we try to no one can . 
the Honour the Speaker : 
if any other hon. Senator is wishes to speak , you is it the pleasure of honourable senators , to adopt the motion ? 
some hon. members : 
in agreement . 
( motions deemed adopted , the report agreed to ) 
